If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents - start charging for it.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
If you're going through hell keep going.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
You can do anything, but not everything.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absense of fear.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place.
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it - teach yourself to be impatient.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like.
Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.
You can do anything, but not everything.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
When hungry, eat your rice; when tired, close your eyes. Fools may laugh at me, but wise men will know what I mean.
The third-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the majority. The second-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the minority. The first-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking.
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail.
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
Watch your thoughts; they become words.
Watch your words; they become actions.
Watch your actions; they become habits.
Watch your habits; they become character.
Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together.
What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only consequence is what we do.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
Work like you don't need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching
Try a thing you haven't done three times. Once, to get over the fear of doing it. Twice, to learn how to do it. And a third time, to figure out whether you like it or not.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories.
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
I've gone into hundreds of [fortune-teller's parlors], and have been told thousands of things, but nobody ever told me I was a policewoman getting ready to arrest her.
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.
Just the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of the pessimists.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
I quit therapy because my analyst was trying to help me behind my back.
We've heard that a million monkeys at a million keyboards could produce the complete works of Shakespeare; now, thanks to the Internet, we know that is not true.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
If the lessons of history teach us anything it is that nobody learns the lessons that history teaches us.
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. Now I'm beginning to believe it.
Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it.
There are many who dare not kill themselves for fear of what the neighbors will say.
There's so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets?
All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it.
I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the streets and frighten the horses.
I took a speed reading course and read ‘War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking.
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
I'd rather live with a good question than a bad answer.
We learn something every day, and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong.
I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter.
Don't ever wrestle with a pig. You'll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it.
An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn't take his education too seriously.
Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamppost how it feels about dogs.
Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self.
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself, after all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century.
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.
Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work and driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for - in order to get to the job you need to pay for the clothes and the car, and the house you leave vacant all day so you can afford to live in it.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
Never ascribe to malice, that which can be explained by incompetence.
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is.
When a person can no longer laugh at himself, it is time for others to laugh at him.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss, but that it is too low and we reach it.
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
As soon as anyone starts telling you to be realistic, cross that person off your invitation list.
Everyone who got where he is has had to begin where he was.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who's going to stop me.
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
Watch your thoughts, for they become words. Watch your words, for they become actions. Watch your actions, for they become habits.
A pessimist sees the difficult in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Many of life's failures are people who had not realized how close they were to success when they gave up.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
We all have two choices; we can make a living or we can design a life.
Goals that are not written down are just wishes.
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done. Louis D.
I haven't failed. I've found 10,000 ways that don't work.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
Dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomlish anything if you're willing to pay the price.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals.
By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be.
Between the great things we cannot do and the small things we will not do, the danger is that we shall do nothing.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
If you're bored with life & you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
If you want your life to be a magnificent story, then begin by realizing that you are the author and everyday you have the opportunity to write a new page.
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work.
The achievement of one goal should be the starting point of another.
An average person with average talents and ambition and average education, can outstrip the most brilliant genius in our society, if that person has clear, focused goals.
The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
You can't hit a target you cannot see, and you cannot see a target you do not have.
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresea, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson and Albert Einstein.
The future you see is the future you get.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
You see things and you say 'Why?' But I dream things that never were and I say 'Why not?'
I don't dream at night, I dream all day; I dream for a living.
At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable.
If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The greates mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent it is gone forever.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
There are two ways to face the future. One way is with apprehension; the other is with anticipation.
if you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, determines your altitude.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
This 'telephone' has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered as a means of communication. The device is inherently of no value to us.
Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing, that we see too late the one that is open.
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.