Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss, but that it is too low and we reach it.
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
As soon as anyone starts telling you to be realistic, cross that person off your invitation list.
Everyone who got where he is has had to begin where he was.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who's going to stop me.
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
Watch your thoughts, for they become words. Watch your words, for they become actions. Watch your actions, for they become habits.
A pessimist sees the difficult in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Many of life's failures are people who had not realized how close they were to success when they gave up.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
We all have two choices; we can make a living or we can design a life.
Goals that are not written down are just wishes.
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done. Louis D.
I haven't failed. I've found 10,000 ways that don't work.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
Dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomlish anything if you're willing to pay the price.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals.
By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be.
Between the great things we cannot do and the small things we will not do, the danger is that we shall do nothing.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
If you're bored with life & you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
If you want your life to be a magnificent story, then begin by realizing that you are the author and everyday you have the opportunity to write a new page.
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work.
The achievement of one goal should be the starting point of another.
An average person with average talents and ambition and average education, can outstrip the most brilliant genius in our society, if that person has clear, focused goals.
The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
You can't hit a target you cannot see, and you cannot see a target you do not have.
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresea, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson and Albert Einstein.
The future you see is the future you get.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
You see things and you say 'Why?' But I dream things that never were and I say 'Why not?'
I don't dream at night, I dream all day; I dream for a living.
At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable.
If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The greates mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent it is gone forever.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
There are two ways to face the future. One way is with apprehension; the other is with anticipation.
if you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, determines your altitude.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
This 'telephone' has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered as a means of communication. The device is inherently of no value to us.
Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing, that we see too late the one that is open.
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.